Add note for password grant OAuth (#336)
iterate-ch/docs: protocols/dracoon.md

## Connecting

- {download}`Download<http://profiles.cyberduck.io.s3.amazonaws.com/DRACOON%20(OAuth).cyberduckprofile>` the *DRACOON (OAuth) connection profile*.
- {download}`Download<http://profiles.cyberduck.io.s3.amazonaws.com/DRACOON%20(CLI).cyberduckprofile>` the *DRACOON (OAuth Password Flow) connection profile*.

```{note}
The DRACOON (OAuth) connection profile is bundled by default with Cyberduck.
```

> ### Password grant OAuth 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate with username and password
```

> To authenticate with your login credentials (username and password), use the _DRACOON (OAuth Password Flow)_ profile. Instead of retrieving the authentication code by logging in using a web browser the profile uses the OAuth password flow for authentication purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate with your username and password, use the _DRACOON (OAuth Password Flow)_ profile. Instead of retrieving an authentication code by logging in using a web browser, the profile uses the OAuth password flow to authenticate. This is most useful when working with [Cyberduck CLI](https://duck.sh/).
```
